Add/vanta eu (#6532)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/integrations/compliance/vanta-eu/index.mdx

---
title: Vanta EU
sidebar_order: 1
redirect_from:
  - /product/integrations/vanta-eu/
description: "Learn about Sentry's Vanta integration and how it helps automate security compliance."
---

> Sentry's Vanta EU integration grants Vanta read-only access to verify that Sentry organization members are associated with employees in your organization, which automates security compliance. This integration is maintained and supported by the company that created it. For more details, check out our [Integration Platform documentation](/product/integrations/integration-platform/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentry's Vanta EU integration automates security compliance by granting Vanta read-only access so that it can verify that the names of your team members who've been added to Sentry, are associated with actual employees of your organization. This integration is maintained and supported by the company that created it. For more details, check out our [Integration Platform documentation](/product/integrations/integration-platform/).
```

<Alert level="info" title="EU Warning">

> This integration is meant to integrate with Vanta EU

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a Vanta **EU** integration.
```

I'm assuming this warning is here so users don't mistake this for regular Vanta?

</Alert>

## Install and Configure

<Note>

> Sentry owner, manager, or admin permissions are required to install this integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have to have Sentry owner, manager, or admin-level permissions to be able to install this integration.
```

</Note>

> 1. Navigate to **Settings > Integrations > Vanta**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To begin the installation, navigate to **Settings > Integrations > Vanta**
```
